If I take something
to help me sleep,
I’ll be groggy
for the meeting.
But if I don’t take anything and
I don’t sleep, I’ll be groggy
for the meeting, you know?
Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
I was up
for reelection as social chair
of our local Realtors group.
The vote was tonight.
I was so nervous, I could barely
hear Claire’s pep talk.
Why did I beg Mitchell
to introduce me
to this developer?
You’re right.
We’ll know soon enough.
Gonna go upstairs,
see if I can get some sleep.
Love you. Mwah.
[ Sighing ]
I hope so too.
[ Rings, Beeps ]
Hello? Hey, Gil.
No, no, no.
You-You didn’t wake me.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Um, so,
you hear anything, or–
Hey, Dunphy. Just wrapping up
a phone call with this jackass.
I gotta run, Dunphy.
I got a late meeting with
some jackass. [ Laughs ]
What’s going on–
What’s going on?
The people have spoken,
Dunphy. I’m in.
You’re out. Sorry to have to
tell you that in private.
Was it even close?
No! [ Scoffs ]
I have a mandate. Not the kind
you hide from your wife either.
I can’t believe it.
I’m a one-termer?
That puts me alongside
Henry Eustace Tyler
and Art Wagner.
Never met Art Wagner.
They took away his Realtor’s
license after Gategate.
Huh.
Okay, enough history, Dun-for.
Fork over the hardware.
Gil, as my predecessor
told me,
respect the office,
respect the medallion.
Ooh, shiny. How often
do you clean this thing?
Every time I shower.
Well, don’t worry.
It’s gonna get
a good buffing tonight...
when it’s swinging against
the back of my wife’s head.
Oh, yeah!
That is not respecting
the medallion!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
So, after we pick up
my allergy medication,
you drop Manny and I
at the museum.
Why do you
even have to go?
Ay, other mothers are going
to the field trip too.
Don’t worry.
I’m not going to be all over
you, trying to suffocate you.
Don’t talk like that.
I hate crowded elevators.
Only one thing worse– when they
stop and you get trapped.
[ Clanks ]
[ Whimpers ]
Actually, there’s one thing
even worse than that.
It’s okay, sir.
There’s no need to panic.
[ Jay ]
Getting trapped with him.
I don’t even know
the guy’s name.
He belongs to my club.
But for whatever reason, he has
the knack for showing up...
when I’m at my absolute worst.
[ Clears Throat ]
Be right back.
Mm-hmm.
[ Vehicle Approaches ]
[ Chuckles ]
Here, let me help you.
[ Jay ] Maybe we should
help someone else.
Oh, don’t be frightened.
Big step!
Who’s next?
I’m sorry. Pepper’s getting
a what for your wedding?
A D.P.
No. No, a director
of photography.
Apparently, he’s a big deal.
He won a Golden Globe.
No, you win an Oscar.
You buy a Golden Globe.
[ Mouths Words ]
So he can only meet with us
this morning.
Is there any way you could
pick Lily up from school?
Uh, yeah. Yeah, I can.
I’ll take her to the park.
That’s good. It’ll get my mind
off this meeting with your
friend.
I am so nervous.
I haven’t had
a sales meeting in forever.
I’m a little rusty.
Do you remember when we used
to call you "Little Rusty"?
I was eight, and I can still
cancel this meeting.
Fine. I gotta go. I gotta–
I don’t know what I have to do.
What is this?
I’m sweating off weight
for my wrestling match.
I slept in this.
Does this have anything to do
with why we’re out
of plastic wrap?
It’s the bottom layer.
And I’ve got some news for you.
It’s not keeping me fresh.
Okay. You’re gonna be late.
You gotta get undressed
in the backseat.
Ooh, got any pointers
for him?
Do you girls
have to move that now?
I’ve been lonely.
Having a mirror in my room
will be like having company.
Ugh, your daughter’s
a parakeet.
- Careful.
- Stop saying that.
I think I know what I’m–
[ Phone Rings ]
Oh, one second.
Oh!
Hello?
Oh, hey.
No, this is a good time.
- Haley!
- All right. Geez!
No, I just gotta help my sister
out with something. Okay. Bye.
Okay, let’s just put this
down for a second.
Okay.
[ Both Sighing ]
Uh-oh. I don’t think this
is gonna fit. You’ll have to
get a smaller mirror.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Haley, you’ll still be
the same size in it.
No!
[ Screams ]
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my God!
We’re trapped!
It’s not such a huge disaster.
You’ll just be a little late
for school.
Make up your mind!
Which is it?
[ Phone Chimes ]
Oh, my God.
I’m missing a text.
Just got real, didn’t it?
Who sent you?
Come on. We have to go.
We can’t be late.
I am so excited.
Aren’t you?
Oh, no.
What? What’s happening?
How are you ruining this?
There’s a report of lice
in Lily’s class.
Ugh.
It’s probably from Portia.
You know, she is
always so filthy.
They had to kick her out of
Swim Buddies because she left
a ring around the pool.
We should probably cancel
our meeting and pick Lily up
ourselves, huh?
Probably?
We have to!
We can’t risk
infecting Claire...
just so we can keep a meeting
with the top wedding
photographer in the state.
[ Mutters ]
No. No.
I am calling her.
Yeah, it’s
the right thing to do,
even though it’s like
a one percent chance...
of her actually
catching anything...
and a hundred percent chance
of us freaking her out.
Well, now, wait.
Are we being selfish here, Cam?
Maybe. Go on.
If we alarm her
just so that we can have
a clear conscience,
doesn’t that make us–
Monsters.
Wouldn’t we be doing her
a favor by not telling her...
and sparing her
all that worry?
Second huge favor of the day,
after you got her a meeting
with your client.
Mmm. I’m– I’m starting
to feel bad about this.
Because we’re doing
so many favors, Claire will
never be able to pay us back?
Thank you. Nope, she does not
need the stress, Cam.
Yep. That’s it.
No more favors for Claire.
No!
Look at us!
Two blondes, having fun!
[ Camera Shutter Clicks ]
Aah!
Hey, buddy!
My match is coming up.
Got any final dad-vice?
Starting to
sound natural, right?
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
You know what?
Just get out there
and enjoy yourself.
You showed real character
trying a new sport.
No matter what happens,
I couldn’t be prouder.
- Thanks, Dad.
- You bet.
Go get ’em!
[ Phil ]
That may be the best part
about being a parent.
Whatever’s going on in your
personal life, when your kid’s
happy, you’re happy.
A happy kid is like
an antidepressant,
but a natural one,
not the kind
your husband has to find
in your jewelry drawer.
[ Chuckles ]
Enough said about that!
[ Laughing ]
- Hey, Gil.
- Oh, whoops!
I’m sorry, man.
I hope I didn’t blind ya.
Although you might not
want to see what’s next.
Our kids are wrestling
each other.
Are you kidding?
Nope! [ Chuckles ]
There’s my little bra-snapper
right there.
He’s a beast, man.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I get it. This is when
you try to intimidate me.
No. No.
Hey, good luck.
Hey, did you ever hear
about those illegal
baby-fighting rings...
they got
south of the border?
- That’s not a real thing.
- Yeah, wife and I
brought him down there.
Won a whole carload of chickens.
[ Chuckles ]
See you out there, man.
That–
That never happened!
Hey!
Watch yourself!
Wish me luck.
No need. You worked hard.
I just want you to have fun.
Thanks, Dad.
Also, I’d like to revise
what I said to you
in the car about biting.
Manny, they have
everything here.
The Rain Forest Experience,
the Hurricane Booth,
Discovering the Body.
We have that one
in Colombia too, but–
but a different kind.
[ Squeaking ]
Oh, no.
- What?
- You don’t hear that?
[ Squeaking ]
[ Sighs ]
It’s my new shoes.
They’re squeaking.
Then walk softer.
[ Squeaking ]
Oh, great.
It sounds like the floor’s
made of cat toys.
I’m screwed.
- Why?
Because these kids
make fun of everything.
Hand them this,
it’ll stick with me forever.
That’s what happened
to Mumbles.
[ Enunciating ]
Hey, Manny, come with us.
Let’s go, Mumbles.
[ Sighs ] One time!
- Let’s go.
- Just go on without me.
I’m just gonna stand here.
What, forever?
What happened to him?
He didn’t use to be
that self-conscious
before high school.
He used to go around
in his poncho,
play the pan flute.
Ay, I miss my little old Manny.
Manny, you care too much about
what other people think.
I know that some of the mothers
here want to make fun of me...
because of my accent
and my bouncy bosom.
But they don’t.
You know why?
Because I don’t care.
Because I walk with confidence.
And so can you. Let’s go.
This place
sucks so bad.
Sure does, Giggles.
One time!
[ Door Opens ]
Okay, she’s not leaving.
You gotta lure her away
from the staircase.
She’ll trust you.
You’re kind of dressed
like an animal trainer.
Why do you
keep calling it a "she"?
Because "hes" don’t look
at me like that.
My God, is she gonna sleep
all day long?
That coming from you?
The possum’s actually laughing.
And, besides,
it’s obviously not sleeping.
- What else would she be doing?
- Playing.
- Playing... what?
- Oh, my God!
Playing possum, the one thing
that absolutely everyone knows
possums do.
Ha-ha! I got you!
I was playing possum
on you by pretending–
No, no, no, no.
Don’t even.
No, my God. Mom’s not
even here until 5:00.
- And you ate our only PowerBar.
- That’s probably
what attracted it.
We gotta
throw something at it.
Fine.
[ Together ]
Are you crazy?
Mr. Perlowe
will be right with you.
Thank you.
I was so nervous before, but I
think I’ve really got this.
Oh, no!
What?
What’s happening?
How are you ruining this?
[ Sighs ]
Why does everybody
say that?
The director of photography
we met with this morning,
he’s turning us down.
Why?
Um– Oh,
"creative differences."
He suggested one of us
wear a hidden camera
in our boutonniere.
He called it
"Groom with a View."
Somebody got it into his head
to call it the "Cam-Cam."
Then there was a lot of
foot-stomping and cane-snapping
and monocle-smashing.
Who was your
wedding photographer?
Mr. Peanut?
It’s a director of–
[ Clears Throat ]
Sorry I’m late.
Jim Perlowe,
this is my sister,
Claire Dunphy.
Hi.
A pleasure to meet you.
Listen, I went by
the construction site
this morning,
and those condos
are gonna be fantastic,
assuming, of course,
you get the right
closets and blinds.
Appears the meeting
has already started, so, okay.
Yes, it has!
Bye-bye, Mitchell!
[ Inhales,
Clears Throat ]
Shall we?
Yes, absolutely!
So.
Hey, sleepy!
Long nap today.
Claire must’ve really
worn you out at the park, huh?
Yeah. Do you want
to lie down with me, Daddy?
Oh, honey, the day I answer no
to that question...
is today.
- Where are you going?
- I gotta call Daddy.
You should know that
it’s not just our low prices
that set us apart.
It’s our level of experience.
You know,
I have seen it before.
A new guy walks in to
an irregular-shaped space,
and he’s just like,
"Ugh! Where do we even start?"
[ Chuckles ]
You start
with measurements, maybe.
[ Rings, Beeps ]
Hey, Cam, what’s up?
Well, it’s official.
Someone has lice.
Daddy, hug me!
Oh, oh!
I would, but remember,
the carpet’s hot lava!
Yeah, hot lava!
[ Sighs ]
Oh, my God.
Are you sure?
I think so.
Her head sounds like Pop Rocks.
You have to warn Claire.
Daddy, this game
is mean.
Well, you know what, sweetie?
Uh-huh. Yep. Hey.
All right. No.
Just stay calm.
Um, first of all, if there’s
anything that you need from me,
anything at all,
I will be living
at the Embassy Suites.
Secondly, there’s–
there’s no guarantee
that she has it.
I mean,
I’m with her right now.
I think I’d know.
Yeah, I think I know.
[ Beeps ]
So, as you can see,
all of them are modules,
so they can be customized
for each unit–
Mitchell!
Hey!
Hi!
Claire,
I need to talk to you.
Yeah, right when we’re done.
Just after the meeting.
It’s kind of important.
[ Phone Rings ]
I love–
Actually, I gotta take
this call. Excuse me.
Okay.
What is going on with you?
You know how you’ve been
scratching your head?
Is it that noticeable?
I have some kind
of nervous tic.
Yeah, there might be
one of those in there too.
Um, so Lily brought home
lice from school.
What?
Yeah.
And I would’ve told you,
but Cam thought that maybe–
You let me walk around
with insects gnawing on
my skull, and you said nothing?
Yeah, but, Claire–
Come here, Little Rusty.
Listen, you just–
What kind of monster...
puts their self-interest
ahead of telling
another human being...
that they are going to get
a parasite infestation?
I feel you would’ve done
the same thing.
Never.
No, Claire, stop it!
I got to get off
to another meeting.
But, Claire, let’s just
cut to the chase.
Uh-huh?
- You got my business.
- Oh, super!
- [ Mitchell Chuckles ]
- Oh, I think we’re
way past handshakes, huh?
[ Chuckles ]
[ Claire Groans ]
Manny, stop disrespecting
your ancestors.
It took them
six and a half million years
to walk upright.
Didn’t you hear
the tour guy?
"Duh."
No, don’t give me
that attitude.
No, I–
Why is your face red?
What?
[ Gasps ]
Ay.
[ Gasps ] It must be
my allergy medication.
I must be overreacting to it.
Um, I’ll get you some water.
There’s a fountain
right over there.
Manny, where have you
been all day?
I was in the Bird Wing.
Hilarious they call it that, no?
- Where’s your mom?
- [ Whooshing ]
She was just there.
I think she’s hiding.
She probably saw
she and I were wearing
the same outfit...
and didn’t want
to get outdone, as usual.
Uh, yeah, maybe.
[ Woman Chuckles, Mutters ]
But the important thing
is that I have fun
out there, right?
Let’s go over this again,
’cause I feel like
you’re not listening.
[ Grunts ]
I need you to win.
Whoa, whoa!
Hey, Jay.
Hey, Luke.
Don’t let your dad
get in your head.
- Get out there
and do your best.
- All right.
What the hell
was that?
He’s wrestling
Gil Thorpe’s kid.
I hate that guy.
Always trying to make me
feel like less of a man.
The guy that took
your necklace, right?
My medallion!
Call it what you want.
I’m just glad I don’t have to
help you with the clasp again.
Jay, you crying?
No!
Referee sprayed some
disinfectant on the mats.
I got some in my eye.
- You got a tissue?
- Here you go.
[ Chuckles ]
Keep it.
It’s my wife’s.
- Hey, Dad!
- Hey, Son.
[ Laughs ]
Good to see you.
Uh, the match is
about to start.
Yeah?
Which means
it’s about to finish.
You see
that little petunia
he’s wrestling?
[ Laughing ] Yes.
[ Laughs ]
You know Gil’s dad?
I know he always
sees me at my worst.
[ Jay ]
I really want
this win, Phil.
I can taste it, like metal.
Me too. Metal.
I don’t know what it is
with this guy,
but no matter what I do,
I just can’t win with him.
That’s the way I am
with his son.
And Time Warner Cable.
It’s emasculating,
you know?
It’s not a feeling
a man should have.
[ Phone Rings ]
You know what
the beginning of "love" is?
For God’s sake.
We’re just talking here.
Why do you always
have to make everything
bigger than it is?
L-O.
Hey, Phil, listen.
Does your pharmacy
carry lice shampoo?
Lily got it at school.
[ Clattering ]
Ooh, away, scary robot!
Away!
- I can’t breathe.
- Good. Neither can
your hair pets.
What?
Nothing.
Lily got lice
from someone.
Portia.
Who else?
You know what?
Skip the pharmacy.
Just borrow our lice kit.
It’s in the basement.
The key’s under the mat.
Thank you, Phil. Thanks.
All right.
Enough... with scary robot!
- But who wants to pretend to be
a dog and ride in the car?
- I do!
Okay. Meet you at the door.
And remember, we’re gonna keep
our head outside the window.
Fun!
Yeah, fun. Uh-huh.
Fun.
[ Whistle Blows ]
All right,
the match is starting.
I feel that metal
now in my mouth,
like you were saying.
What if he loses?
Then we hide
our disappointment.
Follow my lead.
I’ve been doing it for years.
[ Whistle Blows ]
The kid needs to know
we support him
no matter what.
[ Grunting ]
[ Phil, Jay ]
Come on, Luke!
Yeah!
[ Cackles ]
[ Crowd Cheering ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Chattering ]
All right, they’re gone.
Okay.
Let’s get out of here.
Stay close.
[ Sighs ]
[ Shoes Squeaking ]
Mom, you’re unbelievable.
Ay, that’s sweet,
but I know
I look terrible.
You come down on me
for being self-conscious,
then you run and hide
because your face is red.
You’re right.
I keep blaming
the high school boys...
for making you self-conscious,
and you’re taking after me.
We can assign blame
when we’re safely behind
our tinted windows.
[ Gasps ]
We’re trapped!
No. When I was in
the caveman exhibit,
I discovered fire exits.
I’ll explain to you why
that’s funny in the car.
Follow me.
No, Manny.
It’s time for me to set
a good example for you.
Okay.
Mom, what are you doing?
I’m gonna show you
that it’s not important
what other people think.
What is important
is that you stay true
to yourself. Ay.
It was the bravest thing
my mom had ever done.
Hey, everybody!
Uh, hear my squeaky shoes?
[ Shoes Squeaking ]
Pretty funny, isn’t it?
That’s right, it’s me,
Ol’ Squeaky Shoes.
Crazy!
Get a load
of that pink shirt.
[ Chuckles ]
Aw, it’s so pretty.
Hey, Manny, nice top.
- Uh, but my shoes!
- What about ’em, Pink Top?
[ Laughing ]
It was the bravest thing
he has ever done.
They call me "Pink Top."
My hero.
Pink Top.
Hey!
[ Cackles ]
Ho!
We really blew it
with Luke today.
How could I do that?
My dad never missed
an opportunity...
to let me know
when I disappointed him,
and I do it to my grandkid.
It’s just as much
my fault.
I’ve seen what having
a disapproving father
has done to my wife.
- I should’ve known better.
- Dang it. [ Sighs ]
Buddy,
I know you’re upset.
You’ve got every right.
We made that wrestling match
all about our stupid feud.
That was wrong.
Forget about those jerks.
We couldn’t be anything
but proud of you, just like
I’m super proud of your mom.
Let’s repair
this one first.
We just don’t want you
to beat yourself up
because you lost.
I’m not.
I just started wrestling.
Sure, it would’ve been nice
to win, but I tried my best.
I just said "dang it"
because I forgot
to get a straw.
Son of a gun!
He’s actually okay.
- I don’t buy it.
- Why? What are you
talking about?
No kid lets down his father
and grandfather
and is that okay with it.
He’s burying his feelings.
Or maybe he’s just raised
better than that.
He knows
it’s pointless to fight
other people’s battles.
It’s all
in the D.N.A., Phil.
My old man has a problem
with somebody?
Trust me, I’m looking
for that guy’s kid
on the school yard.
It’s how men work.
Or used to work.
Maybe those thuggish
Pritchett genes got mixed
with more evolved Dunphy genes,
resulting in a more
elevated human being.
Oh, my God!
He’s attacking him!
Hey! Get off my kid!
[ Yelps ]
You get off of my kid!
Hey, hey! Get off
my daughter’s husband!
Would it kill you
to call me your kid, Jay?
[ Coughs ]
- Oh, my God.
He was saving him.
- Oh.
Have a good day.
Well, all’s well
that ends well.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Here we go.
[ Gil ]
Grab a seat, Son.
Coming in.
I think, uh, probably
just a regular burger.
Yeah.
I can’t see it anymore.
You think it’s gone?
It could be hiding.
[ Gasps ]
I have an idea.
What are you doing?
I’m gonna create a distraction
so then we can make
a break for it.
Okay, just give it
a second to warm up.
[ Switch Clicks ]
[ Stairs Creaking ]
Okay.
It’s back!
[ Panting ]
[ Footsteps Approaching ]
[ Machine Hums ]
Oh, my gosh.
It’s so dark down here.
Be careful, sweetie.
[ Possum Hisses ]
[ Gasps, Screams ]
[ Cameron, Lily Screaming ]
[ Screaming ]
[ All Screaming ]
What is going on
down here?
[ All Screaming ]
All right, I got to admit
something right here.
You impressed me
today, Luke.
That kid started choking.
You didn’t see a rival or–
Yeah.
a chance to fight
your family’s stupid battles.
You just saw somebody
who needed help.
And that makes you
the biggest man
in this whole car.
You just attacked him,
didn’t you?
He made that choke sign.
I thought he was mocking
my wrestling.
Well, let’s go ahead
and keep that to ourselves.
Yeah.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I’ll get it.
Honey, I take back
everything I ever said
about this stupid invention.
[ Buzzing ]
It has a name.
The Real HeadScratcher T.M.
Hey!
Well, come on in.
Just wanna say
I’m sorry, Doofy.
And yet you’re still calling–
What your kid did today
was amazing.
No hard feelings, right?
Hey, Cam, hold off
on that thing for a second.
Lily, honey?
Are you kidding me?
It’s all in good fun.
All right. Good.
Whoa! Who’s this
little dumpling?
Only my niece. If there’s
one thing she loves,
it’s piggyback.
No, I don’t.
Yep! Hop on up there!
All right!
Yeah! [ Laughs ]
Who’s this man?
You can call me "Uncle Gil"!
Uncle Gil!
You two look great together!
Get in there!
Yeah!
[ Cackling ] Yeah!
I’m telling you,
these little buggers love me.
[ Laughing ]
That’s the plan!
Yeah!
[ Laughing ]
Whoo!
♪♪ [ Vocalizing Together ]